### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?<br>
  A object-relational database that conforms to SQL standards

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?<br>
  Although both are database management systems, PostgreSQL has more advance commands such as setting foreign keys, uniques, and other user-defined functions.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?<br>
Using the command: \c <db_name>

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`? <br>
HAVING' works in conjunction to 'GROUP BY'. After a column is grouped, 'HAVING' narrows down the data within the column. 'WHERE' decides which rows to use before grouping.



- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?<br>
  'INNER' join displays data of joined tables that have matches in all queryed rows while **excluding** rows that do not meet all the rows queryed.  
  'OUTER' join displays data for join tables that have matches in all queryed rows, **including** rows that are missing some query data. 

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?<br>
  'LEFT JOIN' are all the rows in the first table(left) combined with matching rows from the second table(right).
  'RIGHT JOIN' are all the rows in the first table(left) combined with all rows from the second table(right)
  
- What is an ORM? What do they do?<br>
Object-relational mapping. A technique that lets you query data from a database and manipulate them using objects.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?<br>
  Making requests using AJAX between the client and the API gives faster responses.
  Using server side, a database can be involved for easier storage and processing the data. 
  Keys are usually used to access API since sensitive information like user passwords can 

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?<br>
Cross-site request forgery, is when a form on any site can submit to any other site. To prevent this, CSRF tokens are used and are generated by a server. The token is included in the form object and helps validate a submission such as a POST request. This ensures that whatever data is being sent pertains to that server and not to another foreign form. 

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?<br>
hidden_tag() hides other fields from a form such as the CSRF token. Within hidden_tags are data send to the server that the user does not need to provide within the form.  
